# Finite State Machine
For this project you will be creating a simulated model of a simple flight computer. This model should be able to change operation modes based on the external inputs it receives. 

## Background 
A finite state machine (FSM) is a mathematical model used to represent a system the can be in exactly one state out of a finite number of possible states. This can help simplify a complex system by dividing its behaviour discrete states and actions that respond to specific stimuli.  

## Task Requirements 
- The FSM should consist of the following states:
    - BOOT - initial state of the flight computer 
    - IDLE - system is between tasks
    - NOMINAL - payload and sensor operation 
    - LOW_POWER - system has no active tasks and is conserving power by shutting off subsystems
    - FAULT - system has encountered an error
    - SAFE - recovery mode, some subsystems may be disabled
- All states except for BOOT must connect to at least 2 other states
- You may decide what triggers a state transition, with a brief justification for why you picked that value. 
    
## Project Deliverables
- A state transition diagram that represents the behavior of the FSM
- An implementation of your FSM in C 
    - If you are unfamiliar with C you may use a different language to prototype. However, your final submission will need to be written in C, as the point of this project is to produce code that can run on a microcontroller.
- Documented tests that show how the FSM machine responds to various inputs. You will need to showcase working state transitions and how the FSM responds to edge cases.
 
## Stretch Goals
Adapt your code to run on a STM32L432KCU3 nucleo board
- Provide simulated sensor data to the board via the ST-LINK. 
    - Observe if it responds to your test cases in the same way. 
- Include some form of feedback to the user, displaying the current state of the FSM. From one of the following:
    - Make use of GPIO ports to control LEDs so you can display the current state of the FSM.
    - Send the current state of the FSM back over the ST-LINK.
    - Or, come up with your own solution.

## Resources 
- [Free Flowchart Software](https://www.draw.io/)
